Add keycloak auth (#703)
ParsePlatform/Docs: _includes/parse-server/third-party-auth.md

}
```

### Keycloak `authData`

```js
{
  "keycloak": {
    "access_token": "access token from keycloak JS client authentication",
    "id": "the id retrieved from client authentication in Keycloak",
    "roles": ["the roles retrieved from client authentication in Keycloak"],
    "groups": ["the groups retrieved from client authentication in Keycloak"]
  }
}
```

The authentication module will test if the authData is the same as the userinfo oauth call, by comparing the attributes.

> Copy the JSON config file generated on Keycloak ([how-to link](https://www.keycloak.org/docs/latest/securing_apps/index.html#_javascript_adapter))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the JSON config file generated on Keycloak ([tutorial](https://www.keycloak.org/docs/latest/securing_apps/index.html#_javascript_adapter))
```

}
```

### Keycloak `authData`

```js
{
  "keycloak": {

>     "access_token": "access token you got from keycloak JS client authentication",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "access_token": "access token from keycloak JS client authentication",
```

    "id": "the id retrieved from client authentication in Keycloak",
    "roles": ["the roles retrieved from client authentication in Keycloak"],
    "groups": ["the groups retrieved from client authentication in Keycloak"]
  }
}
```

> The authentication module will test if the authData is the same as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authentication module will test if the authData is the same as the userinfo oauth call, by comparing the attributes.
```

> userinfo oauth call, comparing the attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Copy the JSON config file generated on Keycloak ([how-to link](https://www.keycloak.org/docs/latest/securing_apps/index.html#_javascript_adapter))
and paste it inside of a folder (Ex.: `auth/keycloak.json`) in your server.

> The options passed to Parse server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The options passed to Parse Server:
```
